README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <a herf="https://github.com/ikexing-cn/RandomTweaker/issues"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ikexing-cn/RandomTweaker?color=orange&logo=github&style=flat-square"></a>
    <a herf="https://github.com/ikexing-cn/RandomTweaker/network/members"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ikexing-cn/RandomTweaker?color=red&logo=github&style=flat-square"></a>
    <a herf="https://github.com/ikexing-cn/RandomTweaker/stargazers"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ikexing-cn/RandomTweaker?logo=github&style=flat-square"></a>
    <a herf="https://github.com/ikexing-cn/RandomTweaker/blob/1.12/LICENSE"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/ikexing-cn/RandomTweaker?color=green&logo=github&style=flat-square"></a>
</div><br />
<div align="center">
    <h3 align="center">Random Tweaker</h3>
    <br />
</div>

## Main contents

1. Create custom Botania Generating / Functional Flowers.
2. Customize Botania ManaItem / ManaBauble.
3. Customize the vanilla potion / potion bottle.
4. Customize the JEI interface.
5. Customize Thaumcraft aspects.
6. FTBUltime support, which gives or removes a player's chain effect at any time.
7. Modified Hydroangeas to accept other fluids, and modified Orechid to accept blocks as input that are not limited
   to `Stone`.
8. New randomtweaker.prop exists in the root directory and can be used to store data for Map<String, String>.
9. Support some mods and vanilla game expansion.

↑ Above functions require configuration files for switching

## Follow up plans
1. Customized one-block machines.
2. Support more mods and vanilla game expansion.

## Participants

Developers ：[ikexing](https://github.com/ikexing-cn), [superhelo](https://github.com/XHL315)
, [NiYanhhhhh](https://github.com/NiYanhhhhh) <br /><br />
Wiki Editors ：[ikexing](https://github.com/ikexing-cn), [superhelo](https://github.com/XHL315) <br /><br />
English Translation : [liuseniubi](https://github.com/liuseniubi)
, [Seleclipse](https://github.com/lunareclipse-64) <br /><br />
Special Thanks ：[friendlyhj](https://github.com/friendlyhj)

Commit message:

feat(astralsorcery) add more astralsorcery support (#54)
* Add CrT method to Attunement Altar...

Using ASM.

Example:

import mods.randomtweaker.astralsorcery.AttunementAltar;
AttunementAltar.addRecipe(<ore:stone>,<minecraft:diamond>*64);
AttunementAltar.addRecipe(<ore:dirt>,<minecraft:diamond>*64,"astralsorcery.constellation.alcara");

* Update CTAttunementCompleteEvent.java

Accidentally confused between IItemStack and ItemStack...

* Update CTAttunementCompleteEvent.java

* register the classes

* Update IAttunementAltar.java

Use IAction instead of directly register recipes.

* Removed debug prints

* (

* Update RandomTweakerClassTransformer.java

* Refactor and edits

Fix some awkward coding styles;
Refactored .impl.classtransformer to ClassTransformer

* oops

:(

* change name

* Update README.md

* formats

Co-authored-by: ikexing <ikexing@qq.com>

Close #46

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <a herf="https://github.com/ikexing-cn/RandomTweaker/issues"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ikexing-cn/RandomTweaker?color=orange&logo=github&style=flat-square"></a>
    <a herf="https://github.com/ikexing-cn/RandomTweaker/network/members"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ikexing-cn/RandomTweaker?color=red&logo=github&style=flat-square"></a>
    <a herf="https://github.com/ikexing-cn/RandomTweaker/stargazers"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ikexing-cn/RandomTweaker?logo=github&style=flat-square"></a>
    <a herf="https://github.com/ikexing-cn/RandomTweaker/blob/1.12/LICENSE"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/ikexing-cn/RandomTweaker?color=green&logo=github&style=flat-square"></a>
</div><br />
<div align="center">
    <h3 align="center">Random Tweaker</h3>
    <br />
</div>

## Main contents

1. Create custom Botania Generating / Functional Flowers.
2. Customize Botania ManaItem / ManaBauble.
3. Customize the vanilla potion / potion bottle.
4. Customize the JEI interface.
5. Customize Thaumcraft aspects.
6. Customize Astral Sorcery attunement altar recipes.
7. FTBUltime support, which gives or removes a player's chain effect at any time.
8. Modified Hydroangeas to accept other fluids, and modified Orechid to accept blocks as input that are not limited
   to `Stone`.
9. New randomtweaker.prop exists in the root directory and can be used to store data for Map<String, String>.
10. Support some mods and vanilla game expansion.

↑ Above functions require configuration files for switching

## Follow up plans
1. Customized one-block machines.
2. Support more mods and vanilla game expansion.

## Participants

Developers ：[ikexing](https://github.com/ikexing-cn), [superhelo](https://github.com/XHL315)
, [NiYanhhhhh](https://github.com/NiYanhhhhh), [Water_Moon](https://github.com/Water-Moon) <br /><br />
Wiki Editors ：[ikexing](https://github.com/ikexing-cn), [superhelo](https://github.com/XHL315) <br /><br />
English Translation : [liuseniubi](https://github.com/liuseniubi)
, [Seleclipse](https://github.com/lunareclipse-64) <br /><br />
Special Thanks ：[friendlyhj](https://github.com/friendlyhj)
